[MUSIC]
In this module, we'll talk
about sensors and actuators.
Sensors and actuators are basically the
input and output devices of the Arduino.
Or not of the Arduino, but
the whole IOT system, really and
the Arduino needs to take data
in through these sensors and
it outputs results to the outside
world though these actuators.
So we'll talk about how to use those,
how to interface those with Arduinos.
Let's talk about basic sensors that sense
things about the environment, the light,
the sound, the volume of sound,
things like this.
And how the Arduino can be made
to interpret that information.
And then on the other side
we'll talk about the actuators,
how to control things, how to turn on and
off LEDs, we've already done that, but
we'll look at more complicated analog type
of actuators and how we control those.
Even though the Arduino
can't output analog data,
we can still control analog, control
actuators that require analog information.
We can fool them.
We'll talk about that with
pulsive modulation and so on.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]